index.md, before:

Since May 2023, I am a **postdoctoral researcher** at the [Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)](https://www.mpi-sws.org/), Kaiserslautern, Germany, advised by [Prof. Dr. Rupak Majumdar](https://people.mpi-sws.org/~rupak/). 

### Research Interests
My research work focuses on automatically ensuring and increasing the **correctness** (i.e., soundness and completeness/precision), **consistency**, and **performance** of various types of software systems, from program analysis tools (such as static analyzers, SMT solvers, and deductive verifiers) to distributed systems and large language models (LLMs) used for education.

### Student Projects
I am happy to advise students for their Bachelor or Master theses, practical work, or internships. I currently have available the following projects: 

* [Refactoring-based Benchmarks Generation](assets/pdf/projects/Project Benchmarks.pdf)
* [Validating MAX-SMT Solvers](assets/pdf/projects/Project MAX-SMT.pdf)
* [Model Fuzzing: Testing Probabilistic Model Checkers via Mutation-based Fuzzing](assets/pdf/projects/Project Model Fuzzing.pdf)

If you have your own idea for a project you would like to work on, which is related to my research interests, please contact me and we will try to find together a suitable topic.
  

### Education

* PhD in Computer Science: ETH Zürich, Switzerland, 2016 - 2022
   - Dissertation: [Automatically Identifying Soundness and Completeness Errors in Program Analysis Tools](https://www.research-collection.ethz.ch/handle/20.500.11850/548050)
   - Advisor: [Prof. Dr. Peter Müller](https://www.pm.inf.ethz.ch/people/person-detail.html?persid=112017)
* MSc. in Computer Science (European Master in Software Engineering): Free University of Bozen-Bolzano, Italy and Technische Universität Kaiserslautern, Germany, 2013 - 2015
    - Thesis: Alternative Approaches for Quantitative State/Event Fault Trees Analysis
    - Advisors: [Prof. Dr. Barbara Russo](https://www.inf.unibz.it/~russo/), [Prof. Dr. Peter Liggesmeyer](https://liggesmeyer.de/), MSc. Michael Roth
* BSc. in Computer and Software Engineering (Major in Software Engineering): Politehnica University of Timisoara, Romania, 2009 - 2013
    - Thesis: Extensions of the phantm Analyzer to support Model Extraction from PHP Web Applications
    - Advisor: [Prof. Dr. Marius Minea](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~marius/)

### Publications

* [Identifying Overly Restrictive Matching Patterns in SMT-based Program Verifiers (extended version)](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuTerGabrielyanMueller23.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, A. Ter-Gabrielyan, P. Müller, *Formal Aspects of Computing (FAC)*, 2023
* [Identifying Overly Restrictive Matching Patterns in SMT-based Program Verifiers](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuTerGabrielyanMueller21.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, A. Ter-Gabrielyan, P. Müller, *Formal Methods (FM)*, 2021
* [Automatically Testing String Solvers](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuMueller20.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, P. Müller, *Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE 42nd International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE)*, 2020
* [Automatically Testing Implementations of Numerical Abstract Domains](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuWuestholzChristakisMueller18.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, V. Wüstholz, M. Christakis, P. Müller, *Automated Software Engineering (ASE)*, 2018

### Service
* SOAP'24, OOPSLA’24, ICSE’24 AEC, ECOOP’23 ERC, ECOOP’23 AEC, Fuzzing’22 AEC, PLDI’22 AEC, CAV’21 AEC,
PLDI’21 AEC: PC member
* STTT'25, TOSEM’22 Replicated Computational Results: Reviewer
* ETH Zürich Hiring Committee for Computer Science’21: Scientific staff representative
* PLDI’19, ECOOP/PLDI’17: Student volunteer

### Teaching
* Rigorous Software Engineering, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Invited lecturer (SS'24), Co-lecturer (SS'23), Teaching assistant (SS'20)
* Concepts of Object-Oriented Programming, MSc. course, ETH Zürich: Head teaching assistant (AS’21, AS’20), Teaching assistant (AS’19, AS’18, AS’17)
* Parallel Programming, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Teaching assistant (SS’19)
* Research Topics in Software Engineering, MSc. seminar, ETH Zürich: Teaching assistant (AS’19, AS’17)
* Software Architecture and Engineering, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Head teaching assistant (SS'18), Teaching assistant (SS’17)
* Informatik I, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Teaching assistant (AS’16)

### Advised Students
* S. Kühne: Automatically Explaining and Localizing Semantic Errors in SMT Solvers, MSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’24)
* R. van Doren: Alternative SMT Encodings for Congestion Control Algorithms, Practical Work, ETH Zürich (SS’24)
* S. Kühne: Automatically Testing Solvers for String and Regular Expressions Constraints, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* K. Thommen: Automatically Testing MAX-SMT Solvers, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* M. Hurmuz: Automatically Generating Java Benchmarks with Known Errors, MSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* O. Becker: Automatically Testing SMT Solvers, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* P. Strebel: Explaining Unsatisfiability Proofs through Examples, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (SS’21) (co-advised with [Dr. Malte Schwerhoff](http://malte.schwerhoff.de/)) 
* R. Sherif Abdelbar: Automated Checking of Implicit Assumptions on Textual Data, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (SS’18) (co-advised with [Dr. Caterina Urban](https://caterinaurban.github.io/))
* M. Schumacher: Automated Generation of Data Quality Checks, MSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’17) (co-advised with [Dr. Caterina Urban](https://caterinaurban.github.io/))

Commit message:

rephrased the student projects/research interests

index.md, after:

Since May 2023, I am a **postdoctoral researcher** at the [Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)](https://www.mpi-sws.org/), Kaiserslautern, Germany, advised by [Prof. Dr. Rupak Majumdar](https://people.mpi-sws.org/~rupak/). 

### Research Interests
My research work focuses on automatically ensuring and increasing the **correctness** (i.e., soundness and completeness/precision), **consistency**, and **performance** of various types of software systems, from program analysis tools (such as static analyzers, SMT solvers, and deductive verifiers) to distributed systems and large language models (LLMs).

### Student Projects
I am happy to advise students for their Bachelor or Master theses, practical work, or internships. Some example projects that I currently have available are: 

* [Refactoring-based Benchmarks Generation](assets/pdf/projects/Project Benchmarks.pdf)
* [Validating MAX-SMT Solvers](assets/pdf/projects/Project MAX-SMT.pdf)
* [Model Fuzzing: Testing Probabilistic Model Checkers via Mutation-based Fuzzing](assets/pdf/projects/Project Model Fuzzing.pdf)

If the project you would like to work on is not in this list, please contact me and we will try to find together a suitable topic.
  

### Education

* PhD in Computer Science: ETH Zürich, Switzerland, 2016 - 2022
   - Dissertation: [Automatically Identifying Soundness and Completeness Errors in Program Analysis Tools](https://www.research-collection.ethz.ch/handle/20.500.11850/548050)
   - Advisor: [Prof. Dr. Peter Müller](https://www.pm.inf.ethz.ch/people/person-detail.html?persid=112017)
* MSc. in Computer Science (European Master in Software Engineering): Free University of Bozen-Bolzano, Italy and Technische Universität Kaiserslautern, Germany, 2013 - 2015
    - Thesis: Alternative Approaches for Quantitative State/Event Fault Trees Analysis
    - Advisors: [Prof. Dr. Barbara Russo](https://www.inf.unibz.it/~russo/), [Prof. Dr. Peter Liggesmeyer](https://liggesmeyer.de/), MSc. Michael Roth
* BSc. in Computer and Software Engineering (Major in Software Engineering): Politehnica University of Timisoara, Romania, 2009 - 2013
    - Thesis: Extensions of the phantm Analyzer to support Model Extraction from PHP Web Applications
    - Advisor: [Prof. Dr. Marius Minea](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~marius/)

### Publications

* [Identifying Overly Restrictive Matching Patterns in SMT-based Program Verifiers (extended version)](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuTerGabrielyanMueller23.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, A. Ter-Gabrielyan, P. Müller, *Formal Aspects of Computing (FAC)*, 2023
* [Identifying Overly Restrictive Matching Patterns in SMT-based Program Verifiers](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuTerGabrielyanMueller21.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, A. Ter-Gabrielyan, P. Müller, *Formal Methods (FM)*, 2021
* [Automatically Testing String Solvers](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuMueller20.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, P. Müller, *Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE 42nd International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE)*, 2020
* [Automatically Testing Implementations of Numerical Abstract Domains](assets/pdf/papers/BugariuWuestholzChristakisMueller18.pdf), **A. Bugariu**, V. Wüstholz, M. Christakis, P. Müller, *Automated Software Engineering (ASE)*, 2018

### Service
* SOAP'24, OOPSLA’24, ICSE’24 AEC, ECOOP’23 ERC, ECOOP’23 AEC, Fuzzing’22 AEC, PLDI’22 AEC, CAV’21 AEC,
PLDI’21 AEC: PC member
* STTT'25, TOSEM’22 Replicated Computational Results: Reviewer
* ETH Zürich Hiring Committee for Computer Science’21: Scientific staff representative
* PLDI’19, ECOOP/PLDI’17: Student volunteer

### Teaching
* Rigorous Software Engineering, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Invited lecturer (SS'24), Co-lecturer (SS'23), Teaching assistant (SS'20)
* Concepts of Object-Oriented Programming, MSc. course, ETH Zürich: Head teaching assistant (AS’21, AS’20), Teaching assistant (AS’19, AS’18, AS’17)
* Parallel Programming, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Teaching assistant (SS’19)
* Research Topics in Software Engineering, MSc. seminar, ETH Zürich: Teaching assistant (AS’19, AS’17)
* Software Architecture and Engineering, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Head teaching assistant (SS'18), Teaching assistant (SS’17)
* Informatik I, BSc. course, ETH Zürich: Teaching assistant (AS’16)

### Advised Students
* S. Kühne: Automatically Explaining and Localizing Semantic Errors in SMT Solvers, MSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’24)
* R. van Doren: Alternative SMT Encodings for Congestion Control Algorithms, Practical Work, ETH Zürich (SS’24)
* S. Kühne: Automatically Testing Solvers for String and Regular Expressions Constraints, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* K. Thommen: Automatically Testing MAX-SMT Solvers, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* M. Hurmuz: Automatically Generating Java Benchmarks with Known Errors, MSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* O. Becker: Automatically Testing SMT Solvers, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’21)
* P. Strebel: Explaining Unsatisfiability Proofs through Examples, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (SS’21) (co-advised with [Dr. Malte Schwerhoff](http://malte.schwerhoff.de/)) 
* R. Sherif Abdelbar: Automated Checking of Implicit Assumptions on Textual Data, BSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (SS’18) (co-advised with [Dr. Caterina Urban](https://caterinaurban.github.io/))
* M. Schumacher: Automated Generation of Data Quality Checks, MSc. Thesis, ETH Zürich (AS’17) (co-advised with [Dr. Caterina Urban](https://caterinaurban.github.io/))
